README.md, before:

# drupal8
[Drupal](https://www.drupal.org/home) is an open source content management system.
This docker-compose project can be use to launch a complete developpmemnt environnement for drupal version 8.x.

## Table of Contents

* [Launch your environnement](#launch-your-environnement)
* [Mistakes](#mistakes)

## Launch your environnement
1) Clone this repository.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/ngako/drupal8.git
```
2) Set userid environnement variable.
```bash
export USER_ID=$(id -u)
```
3) Launch your environement.
```bash
docker-compose up -d 
```
4) Go into your drupal container.
```bash
docker exec -it drupal8-app bash
```
5) Add local user into your container.
type:
```bash
add-local-user
``` 

## Mistakes
- You can have some errors regarding translation during installation when you select other language that english.

`To evoid this. select english as language. see detail [here](http://drupal.stackexchange.com/questions/164172/problem-installing-drupal-8-in-local-the-translation-server-is-offline)`

Commit message:

- Ignore drupal source copy composer into /usr/local/bin link local composer.json file into website source

README.md, after:

# drupal8
[Drupal](https://www.drupal.org/home) Drupal is an open source content management platform powering millions of websites and applications.
This docker-compose provide a sources elements to launch a complete developpmemnt environnement for drupal version 8.x.

## Table of Contents

* [Launch your environnement](#launch-your-environnement)
* [Mistakes](#mistakes)

## Launch your environnement
1) Clone this repository.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/ngako/drupal8.git
```
2) Set userid environnement variable.
```bash
export USER_ID=$(id -u)
```
3) Launch your environement.
```bash
docker-compose up -d 
```
4) Go into your drupal container.
```bash
docker exec -it drupal8-app bash
```
5) Add local user into your container.
type:
```bash
add-local-user
``` 

## Mistakes
1) You can have some errors regarding translation during installation when you select other language that english.

`To evoid this. select english as language. see detail [here](http://drupal.stackexchange.com/questions/164172/problem-installing-drupal-8-in-local-the-translation-server-is-offline)`

2) If you have error bellow, when you lauch composer commande:
```bash
[Composer\Downloader\TransportException]                                                                                                     
  The "https://packagist.org/packages.json" file could not be downloaded: SSL operation failed with code 1. OpenSSL Error messages:            
  error:14090086:SSL routines:SSL3_GET_SERVER_CERTIFICATE:certificate verify failed                                                            
  Failed to enable crypto                                                                                                                      
  failed to open stream: operation failed
  ```
  you can solve this and follow step bellow:

  `Douwload the [Mozilla CA certificate store](https://curl.haxx.se/ca/cacert.pem)`
  `Update your php.ini file and set openssl.cafile with the path of cacert.pem that you just download`

  3) If you receve a drupal upload image error 
  `The file could not be saved because it exceeds 2 MB, the maximum allowed size for uploads.`
